Add recipe to prepare input for the MARRMoT hydrological model (#1348)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_hydrology.rst

   * start_year: 1979
   * end_year: 1979

#. recipe_marrmot.yml

   *Required preprocessor settings:*

        *extract_shape:*

>             * shapefile: meuse_hydrosheds.shp (MARRMoT is a hydrological Lumped model that needs catchment-aggregated forcing data. The catchment is provided as a shapefile in Auxiliary folder in config-user.yml. The name of the shapefile is set in the recipe, here. For example, meuse_hydrosheds.shp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * shapefile: meuse_hydrosheds.shp (MARRMoT is a hydrological Lumped model that needs catchment-aggregated forcing data. The catchment is provided as a shapefile, the path can be relative to ``auxiliary_data_dir`` as defined in config-user.yml.).
```

>             * method: contains

Reviewer: It would be good to mention that this setting should not be changed, also for `crop`

Reviewer 2: Done.

            * crop: true

        *daily_statistics:*

            * operator: mean (MARRMoT needs daily forcing data. Hourly forcing data are converted to daily values by mean operator).

>    *Required diagnostic settings:*

Reviewer: The diagnostic script does not take any settings, so I think this section can be removed.

Reviewer 2: Done.

   * tas (atmos, daily, longitude, latitude, time)
   * pr (atmos, daily, longitude, latitude, time)

#. recipe_marrmot.yml

   * tas ( longitude, latitude, time)
   * pr (longitude, latitude, time)

>   MARRMoT requires potential evapotranspiration (PET). Thus, it might also need psl, rsds, rsdt to be used in debruin function (De Bruin et al. 2016).

Reviewer: From the code it looks like the diagnostic script will crash if these variables are not there and providing `evspsblpot` instead does not work. I think that either this should be changed so it works, or the documentation should be made more clear.

Reviewer 2: Thanks. Done.
